Move EzBadge to Storybook Docs (#960)
ezcater/recipe: packages/recipe/src/components/EzBadge/Documentation/EzBadge.mdx

import TableOfContents from '../../../../docs/components/TableOfContents';
import RelatedComponents from '../../../../docs/components/RelatedComponents';
import EzAlert from '../../EzAlert';
import * as AccessibilityStories from './Stories/Accessibility.stories';
import * as AlignmentStories from './Stories/Alignment.stories';
import * as ColorStories from './Stories/Color.stories';
import * as DefaultStories from './Stories/Default.stories';
import * as ValueStories from './Stories/Value.stories';

<Meta of={DefaultStories} name="Docs" />
<TableOfContents />

# EzBadge

Badges indicate notifications or events that are relevant and relatively close to or overlapping another element, like a button or an icon. They can either wrap an element (like an icon) or be used standalone.

<Primary />

## Props

<Controls of={DefaultStories.Default} sort="requiredFirst" />

## Best Practices

- Badges convey information about notifications or events.
- Badges appear very close to, often overlapping, the element that they are describing.
- Badges should make it easy to understand the presence of notifications or events, encouraging action to be taken on the element the badge describes.

> - Badges should always be wrapped in an accessible element with a proper `aria-label` to be read by screenreaders. The wrapping element will depend on the context with which you use the badge (see below for examples).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Badges should always be wrapped in an accessible element with a proper `aria-label` to be read by screen readers. The wrapping element will depend on the context with which you use the badge (see below for examples).
```

## Badge Values

Badges always require a `value`.

<Canvas of={ValueStories.Value} meta={ValueStories} />

The value can be hidden using the optional `hide` property. The default is `false`.

<Canvas of={ValueStories.Hide} meta={ValueStories} />

The value can be minimized using the optional `minimize` property, which will make the badge appear as a dot. The default is `false`.

<Canvas of={ValueStories.Minimize} meta={ValueStories} />

By default, badges will automatically hide when the value is `0`. You can override this with the `showZero` prop. The default is `false`.

<Canvas of={ValueStories.ShowZero} meta={ValueStories} />

To cap the value of a badge, provide a numerical `max` value. Any value over the `max` will show `max+`. The default is `99`.

<Canvas of={ValueStories.Max} meta={ValueStories} />

## Badge Colors

> EzBadge supports theme palette properties (`primary`, `secondary`, `error`, `warning`, `alert`, `info`, `nuetral`, and `success`) as well as all supported [theme colors](http://localhost:8000/guides/theming/#colors) (ex. `common.red100`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EzBadge supports theme palette properties (`primary`, `secondary`, `error`, `warning`, `alert`, `info`, `neutral`, and `success`) as well as all supported [theme colors](http://localhost:8000/guides/theming/#colors) (ex. `common.red100`).
```

> Out of the box, badges have a background color of `common.red110` and font color of `common.white`. Text and background colors should have high enough [contrast](https://webaim.org/resources/contrastchecker/) for accessibility.

Reviewer: This is subtle, but we use "should" here, and I'm wondering if that's an intentional choice. For something like color contrast + accessibility, should (heh) we use "must"?

Author: I would normally agree with you, except I know we currently have color contrast issues in some of our component variants (design is working on defining a more comprehensive color token palette that will fix these issues). This would also need to be fixed in all our components for consistency. I'm ok with this language for now with perhaps a follow up to make this language stronger once we're 100% compliant.

Reviewer: Since it looks like we're providing a recommendation here on usage within applications of `EzBadge`, I'd actually suggest that we have the stronger language, even if we aren't actually compliant everywhere, yet.

Author: I've updated the language for this and all other similar components to use stronger language (in a new commit).

<Unstyled>
  <EzAlert
    headline="Note"
    tagline="Only a select handful of available colors are shown below. All theme properties and colors are supported."
  />
</Unstyled>

<Canvas>
  <Story of={ColorStories.PrimaryColor} meta={ColorStories} />
  <Story of={ColorStories.SecondaryColor} meta={ColorStories} />
  <Story of={ColorStories.ErrorColor} meta={ColorStories} />
  <Story of={ColorStories.WarningColor} meta={ColorStories} />
  <Story of={ColorStories.AlertColor} meta={ColorStories} />
  <Story of={ColorStories.InfoColor} meta={ColorStories} />
  <Story of={ColorStories.NeutralColor} meta={ColorStories} />
  <Story of={ColorStories.SuccessColor} meta={ColorStories} />
  <Story of={ColorStories.CommonColor} meta={ColorStories} />
</Canvas>

## Aligning Badges

> The default alignment for a badge is `top` `right`. To align a badge with its wrapped element, use `alignX` with `left` or `right` and `alignY` with `top` or `bottom`.

Reviewer: Seeing `top` and `right` immediately next to each other looks a little funky. Would it be clearer to spell out the full `alignX=right alignY=top`?

Author: Works for me!

<Canvas>
  <Story of={AlignmentStories.TopRight} meta={AlignmentStories} />
  <Story of={AlignmentStories.BottomRight} meta={AlignmentStories} />
  <Story of={AlignmentStories.TopLeft} meta={AlignmentStories} />
  <Story of={AlignmentStories.BottomLeft} meta={AlignmentStories} />
</Canvas>

To align the badge relative to the corner of the wrapped element, use `overlap` with a value of `circular` or `rectangular`, depending on the shape of the wrapped element. The default is `rectangular`.

<Canvas>
  <Story of={AlignmentStories.Rectangular} meta={AlignmentStories} />
  <Story of={AlignmentStories.Circular} meta={AlignmentStories} />
</Canvas>

## Accessibility

> Badges should be wrapped in an accessible element with a proper `aria-label` to be read by screenreaders. The wrapping element will depend on the context with which you use the badge.

Reviewer: I *think* this should be "screen readers":

```suggestion
Badges should be wrapped in an accessible element with a proper `aria-label` to be read by screen readers. The wrapping element will depend on the context with which you use the badge.
```

Author: I think you're right, although I've seen it spelled both ways. I will fix.

> Badges should be wrapped in an accessible element with a proper `aria-label` to be read by screen readers. The wrapping element will depend on the context with which you use the badge.

Reviewer: Want to switch this "should" to "must" as well?
